Meetup and Monthly Meeting Reorganization (#163)
w3c/wot-cg: minutes-process.md

# W3C WoT CG Meeting Minutes Process

## Files

Initially, the minutes are taken using on [the HackMD platform](https://hackmd.io).
We have a template at <https://hackmd.io/@egekorkan/wot-cg-minutes-template> which can be used for a new note.
However, our process is as follows:

1. Minutes are taken on the <https://hackmd.io/@egekorkan/w3c-wot-cg-minutes> at every meeting. This document is based on the template above.
2. The minutes are copied over the GitHub by creating a Pull Request. While doing so:
  a. The entire `:::spoiler` section has to be removed
  b. The header `:::info` should be removed together with its closing `:::`
  c. The names of the people should be changed to their full name made bold by encapsulating the names in `**name surname:**`.
  Same for `...` which should become `**..**`. Also see below on the changes to be done.
  d. In case people have just pasted links, they can be moved into a quote section by inserting `>` before that.
3. The HackMD document can be removed once the PR is accepted.
4. The document itself also contains a guide on how to use it.

## Changing acronyms of people to their names

> When taking minutes, we generally use a shorter version for people's names, e.g. `fb: I think we should do this` when a participant named `Foo Bar` is speaking.
> When the minutes are published, it would look more professional to have full names, i.e. `Foo Bar: I think we should do this`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When taking minutes, we generally use a shorter version for people's names, e.g., `fb: I think we should do this` when a participant named `Foo Bar` is speaking.
When the minutes are published, it would look more professional to have full names, e.g., `Foo Bar: I think we should do this`.
```

Some common replacements we have seen so far (people who have joined more than 1 meeting and spoke):

- ca: OR cris: -> Cristiano Aguzzi:
- ege: OR ek: -> Ege Korkan:
- mc: OR mm: -> Michael McCool:
- kaz: OR ka: -> Kazuyuki Ashimura:
- pb: OR philipp: OR citrullin:-> Philipp Blum:
- sk: -> Sebastian Kaebisch:
- tm: OR mizushima: -> Tomoaki Mizushima:
- dp: -> Daniel Peintner:
- bf: -> Ben Francis
- lb: OR lu_zero: -> Luca Barbato
  

> - Correct typos. This will probably be manual. A regular spell check can be used but there are too many acronyms and surnames to handle (add exceptions). Maybe a smarter spell checker is needed to automate this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Correct typos. This is best done as a manual process. A regular spell check can be used to start, but there are too many acronyms and surnames to handle (add exceptions). Also, manual logging often includes grammar and other errors (and current auto-transcribers include more). A smarter spell checker could help automate this.
```
